# My Release Notes v2024.9.0

## What I did & What I learned

### Programming

- project-github-commit-message: done
  - reason: I want to recreate this project using React, for practicing React.
  - result:
    - learned Controlled and Uncontrolled Components
- practice-react-product-list: done
  - reason: To learn `useState`, `useEffect`, `useContext`, `useReducer`
  - result: I learned these hooks above.
- practice-weather-forecast
  - reason: To learn `useContext`, styling, Storybook
  - result:
    - I tried to create components using Storybook.
- practice-storybook
  - reason: When I create the weather forecast web app, I need to create many components. So I learned.
  - result: I understand the overview, and I used it for a project.
- practice-react-login-or-not
  - reason: To learn `useContext`, UI Library
  - result:
- CodeSandbox
  - 

### English

- Translating Job Information
  - reason: To know basic IT terms
  - result:
- Write English everyday
  - reason: To get used to using English
  - result:
- Speak English everyday
  - reason: To get used to using English
  - reuslt: 

### Japanese

- ふくしま式「本当の国語力」が身につく問題集 一文力編
  - reason: To improve basic language skills 
  - result:
    - I had many tasks in this month, so I didn't do much.

### Knowledge



## Challenges this month

- Try to search everything in English
  - reason: To get used to using English ANYWAY
  - result:
- Listen some podcasts
  - 

## Recap of the month

### I've had Covid, This is the third time...

### 体調不良モリモリから、とりあえず調子を戻した

### Reactのことをより知れた

---

## Next month's action plan

### Things I want to be able to do

> [!NOTE]
> - know React Concepts more

### Action plan

- Implement or brush up, focusing on improving functions
  - project-weather-forecast
  - project-e-shopping-system

--

## Things I want to keep in mind.

- **Remember one concept, one thing every day**
  - It leads me to a place far away. **KEEP THIS IN MIND.**

---

## need to try

- Ant Design
  - https://ant.design/

## Memo

- ログイン機能のやつは、GoogleAuth使ってやってみることにする